NARRATOR
Right before their very eyes
our heroes and Korrina
witnessed Mega Lucario
out of control!
Then, Korrina's grandfather,
Gurkinn
also known as
the Mega Evolution Guru
gave Korrina a
brand new trial.
Travel to Pomace Mountain
to visit a Trainer
who also has
a Mega‐Evolved Pokémon.
And our heroes
are going along as well.
Way to go, Pikachu.
Thunderbolt, let's go.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Lucario, dodge it!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
That was awesome!
Now, use Bone Rush.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[BONE RUSH MOVE]
Dodge it, quick!
Iron Tail!
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
[POWER‐UP PUNCH]
[IMPACT]
Using Power‐Up Punch
was a good choice!
Oh, no. Oh, no!
We can't keep doing this.
[DETERMINED]
[SURPRISED]
[TIRED]
Okay.
That's enough training for now.
Clemont says lunch is ready.
‐ It's time to eat.
‐ Yes, lunch!
Food break! Why don't we pick
this up after we're through?
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ All ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Calling From Beyond the Aura!"
[chomping]
Man..
You're the best chef
in the whole world!
Hey! I helped, you know.
[chuckles]
You too. Thanks a lot.
Oh, yeah! I made the PokéPuffs
Lucario likes so much.
Really? That's great. Thanks.
Here you go.
Eat all you want!
[CHOMPING]
[HAPPY]
‐ Huh.
‐ Lucario likes it.
That makes me so happy!
[AGREEMENT]
I have some for you, too.
[HAPPY]
Hey, Korrina,
you've been with Lucario
since you were
really little, right?
That's right. But back then,
it was still a Riolu.
So what kind of training
have you done so far?
Well, you know..
The Shalour Gym is
a Fighting‐type Gym.
So Trainers and Pokémon alike
work hard
because we have to be
really strong.
I've battled grandfather's
Lucario lots of times.
Wow, that sounds like
it's very good training for you.
KORRINA
Yeah, I guess.
Grandfather's
also introduced me
to so many Trainers
in the process.
Awesome!
And there was even
a Trainer who had a Pokémon
that could Mega Evolve.
‐ Really.
‐ No way!
What kind of Pokémon was it?
[CURIOUS]
I remember it was an Ampharos.
Wow, so Ampharos
can Mega Evolve, too?
‐ Mm‐hmm.
‐ Whoa! How cool is that?
A Mega Ampharos
sounds totally fascinating.
‐ I'd love to meet it.
‐ Me too.
[AGREEMENT]
Oh? So there's
a Mega Ampharos out there.
Interesting.
Nice plot development.
I want to Mega Evolve, too!
There's just got to be
some Meowthite laying around
somewhere waiting
for little ol' me.
With Lucario, the Lucarionite,
and the Key Stone
we'll form the foundation
of a mega takeover.
Which would form some
newfound respect from the Boss.
[laughs]
SERENA
It looks like this cave
is a shortcut to
Pomace Mountain.
Sounds good. Come on. Let's go.
Huh?
‐ 'Which way should we go?'
‐ 'It's like a maze in here.'
CLEMONT
If we lose our way,
we're in trouble.
No problem.
If we trust our instincts,
we'll be fine.
‐ It's this way.
‐ Hey, wait for us.
[panting]
According to this,
there appears to be
a large population
of Noibat in this cave.
Noibat, huh?
Let's think this through.
Ah! I just got a great idea!
Sounds like the way to go.
A perfect plan,
to say the least.
Excuse me,
I haven't said anything yet.
NOIBAT
[EXERTION]
TEAM ROCKET
Huh?
Okay, Inkay!
[APPEARING]
[EXERTION]
I want you to scare the
daylights out of that Noibat.
Accomplish that with Psybeam.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[ATTACK]
‐ Huh?
TEAM ROCKET
[screaming]
Huh?
NOIBAT
[EXERTION]
‐ Oh!
‐ What's that?
POKEDEX
Noibat. The Sound Wave Pokémon.
'Noibat's ears
emit ultrasonic waves'
'that can disturb
its prey's sense of hearing'
'and damage opponents.'
[screaming]
It bit me! Ow!
[SCARED]
[clamoring]
[screaming]
[FEARFUL]
What was that all about?
‐ Hey, where's Pikachu?
‐ And where's Clemont?
Korrina's gone, too.
[EXERTION]
[Korrina panting]
‐ Where's Lucario?
‐ Huh?
CLEMONT
Bonnie's gone.
Hey, Pikachu!
Clemont?
SERENA
Korrina!
[CALLING]
[all gasp]
NOIBAT
[CALLING]
Clemont.
I think we should go this way.
Ash, wait a minute.
Remember,
it's like a maze in here
and we could get totally lost.
Everybody else might be outside
so I think we should
go out and take a look first.
Yeah, you're right.
Bonnie! Hello?
‐ Are you in here?
‐ Hey, Lucario?
[CALLING]
KORRINA
Where did you go?
'The forest
is dangerous at night.'
Let's look for them
in the morning.
Lucario.
ASH
No sign of 'em.
And it's starting to get dark.
I think we'd better look for
them first thing in the morning.
ASH
I guess so.
[AGREEMENT]
JESSIE
With the Noibat causing
the Twerps all that confusion
I was sure we'd be able to grab
Lucario and the Lucarionite.
But who knew there'd be
so many Noibat to deal with?
Guess we got almost as
confused as the Twerps did.
Although we did manage
to separate them.
TEAM ROCKET
Huh?
Sounds like
we should call it a day.
JAMES
My tummy agrees.
Does it taste yummy, Dedenne?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA
Don't you want your Poké Puff?
At lunch, you seemed
to really like them a lot.
Lucario's worried about Korrina.
I'm sure she's with Clemont,
so she'll be just fine.
He goofs up,
but he also comes through
when times are tough
and it really matters.
‐ That's for sure.
‐ Yeah.
[AGREEMENT]
Here. Take this.
[laughs]
Thank you.
CLEMONT
'Pikachu?'
[AFFIRMATIVE]
I'm guessing you're worried
about Ash, aren't you?
[AGREEMENT]
Even if you're worried,
you still have to eat.
We'll look for Ash first thing
in the morning, okay?
Clemont's right.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Lucario.
Hey, Korrina, are you
having trouble sleeping?
[CURIOUS]
No. Well, maybe.
Lucario's with Ash.
I'm sure everything's fine.
[chuckles]
Hmm.
[sighs]
You said you've been together
since you were
really little, right?
Yeah.
KORRINA
When we slept, when we played
it was always together.
That never changed,
even when Riolu became Lucario.
[HAPPY]
That sounds exactly
like Ash and Pikachu to me.
Well, what do you know.
Thing is,
whenever Lucario's not around
I just can't sleep.
I understand.
[thinking]
Huh. Lucario.
Lucario, you're still up.
Can't you fall asleep?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
But I already told you
Korrina's safe with Clemont.
‐ Huh?
‐ Hmm.
[COMFORTING]
You really should get some rest.
That thing
that Grandfather said..
[CURIOUS]
I still don't understand
what he meant.
You mean the thing about
Lucario's aura? I remember.
He said it still wasn't able
to control it yet.
It was the first time.
That's true, but maybe there's
a reason it didn't listen.
And that's because it couldn't
hear your voice at all.
Huh? Hear my voice?
Lucario's aura was so strong
and it was suffering so much
‐ it couldn't hear me.
‐ Right.
It's just like what
Grandfather said.
I thought we understood
each other
but I didn't really
know how Lucario felt.
LUCARIO
[EXERTION]
[SURPRISED]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Noibat!
NOIBAT
[EXERTION]
ASH
Fletchling, I choose you.
[APPEARING]
Fletchling,
I want you to go and find
Korrina, Clemont, and Pikachu.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Hmm. Now, I think we should
start looking for them.
Okay.
[SURPRISED]
[FEARFUL]
What was that?
Prepare for trouble, mega‐size.
And make it double
with a mega‐surprise.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To denounce the evils
of not evolving.
To extend our reach
to the stars revolving.
‐ Jessie!
‐ And James!
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender now or prepare
for one overpowering fight.
Meowth, that's right!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
‐ Team Rocket.
‐ Not you jokers again.
Taking your Key Stone
and Pikachu is no joke.
You're not gonna
take anything from us.
I'll make sure of that.
Bunnelby, I need your help!
[APPEARING]
[EXERTION]
Inkay, ten‐hut!
[APPEARING]
Pumpkaboo, you too!
[EXERTION]
‐ Don't forget this dyna duo!
‐ Huh?
Witness our Mega Evolution
Power‐Packed Amplify‐A‐Rama
Mark Two!
Using a device to amplify
a Pokémon 's power is wrong.
Wrong! Proof positive is
my powered up Inkay, it's way.
[ATTACK]
Bunnelby, dodge it!
BUNNELBY
[EXERTION]
Ah! Are you okay, Bunnelby?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Pumpkaboo, use Dark Pulse!
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
Jump as high as you can!
[EXERTION]
BUNNELBY
[PAINED]
‐ That's my Pumpkaboo!
‐ Inkay, Tackle too!
[TACKLE MOVE]
[IMPACT]
BUNNELBY [STUNNED]
Bunnelby!
Return, now.
If only Lucario were here.
♪ La dee dah and hoop dee doo ♪
♪ We're so glad
that we're not you ♪
Come on out, Chespin!
[APPEARING]
[EXERTION]
Use Tackle!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[TACKLE MOVE]
Dodge, Inkay!
[EXERTION]
My powered‐up Fury Swipes!
[FURY SWIPES MOVE]
‐ Oh, no!
‐ Plus, Shadow Ball!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
CHESPIN
[PAINED]
‐ Augh!
‐ Chespin, no!
PIKACHU
[EXCITED]/[ANXIOUS]
Okay, Pikachu. Let's go!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Alright, Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
Wobbuffet?
[EXERTION]
‐ Whoa!
With Amplify‐A‐Rama Mark Two
our defenses are
too much for you.
Huh! Chespin, ready to go?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Use Pin Missile, now!
[PIN MISSILE MOVE]
[EXERTION]
[FEARFUL]
Pikachu! Come on!
Use Quick Attack!
[QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
[EXERTION]
New and improved speed to boot!
Iron Tail, go!
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
Dodge, quick.
[SURPRISED]
Okay, now, Pikachu..
[CURIOUS]
Shadow Ball!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[PAINED]
Pikachu, no!
PIKACHU
[STUNNED]
I'm sorry, I forgot
I have to tell you
which move to use
or you won't know.
[AGREEMENT]
FLETCHLING
[EXERTION]
ASH
Hey, Pikachu.
‐ Where are you?
‐ Korrina!
BONNIE
Big brother.
[SURPRISED]
Lucario, what's up?
[CONCERNED]
Uh. Wait!
[CALLING]
Did you find them?
[EXCITED]
SERENA
Sounds like something happened.
Okay. Lead us to
where they all are.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Pumpkaboo, Dark Pulse!
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
[ALARMED]
I'll cop that Key Stone, please.
‐ With my Fury Swipes!
‐ Ah!
‐ Korrina!
‐ Augh!
[IMPACT]
Lucario!
[PLEASED]
ASH
Pikachu!
‐ Clemont!
‐ Bonnie!
PIKACHU
[EXCITED]
Behold the approaching Twerps.
We're not the Team Rocket
of days gone by.
Their Pokémon have
some weird power‐up device.
Okay. Thanks, Clemont.
Pikachu, use Electro Ball
and aim for that machine.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
[EXERTION]
PIKACHU [SURPRISED]
[gasping]
Isn't this fun?
PIKACHU
[ANGRY]
We can't get anywhere near them.
All of our moves
are being deflected back.
Oh, man. So what do we do?
[EXERTION]
Now? Mega Evolve?
I don't know.
‐ 'Korrina.'
‐ Huh?
This might be our only hope.
This drama's coming to a close.
First, the Lucarionite.
Then, cut.
‐ Do it, Korrina!
‐ Come on!
Alright. Lucario, now!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Mega Evolve!
Hah!
LUCARIO
[EVOLVING]
[gasping]
[growling]
‐ There it is!
‐ Mega impressive, indeed.
And perfect to sign
to a long‐term contract.
[AGREEMENT]
Alright then, Lucario!
Bone Rush!
[BONE RUSH MOVE]
INKAY
[PAINED]
‐ Say it isn't so.
‐ With power to burn.
Alright, way to go.
[AGREEMENT]
[STRUGGLING]
[all gasping]
Lucario, no!
[ROARING]
Lucario!
[WORRIED]
Huh?
Something's wrong
with this picture.
[BONE RUSH MOVE]
PIKACHU
[SCARED]
[GROWLING]
‐ Huh!
‐ Lucario's out of control.
Say, I think this
is turning into a party.
It's true.
And they've got the noisemaker.
KORRINA
Stop it, Lucario!
[ANGER]/[EXERTION]
Lucario!
[STRUGGLING]
Lucario.
'Lucario!'
[SURPRISED]
You've got to listen
to my voice, Lucario!
[CONFUSED]
Lucario.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
You can hear me!
[laughter]
JESSIE
Hold on. We didn't sign up
for any of this mega mushiness.
Lucario! Use Bone Rush!
[BONE RUSH MOVE]
[PAINED]
TEAM ROCKET
[yelping]
All of that power,
down the drain!
JAMES
Oh, the pain and shame!
It always ends the same.
TEAM ROCKET
We're blasting off again!
WOBBUFFET
[AGREEMENT]
Lucario, I'm so glad
you heard my voice.
[STRUGGLING]
[all gasping]
KORRINA
'No. Not again.'
Lucario, you okay?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Oh. Good.
CLEMONT
They still have a way to go.
They'll figure it out.
‐ I know that you two can do it.
‐ Thanks.
NARRATOR
After Lucario's Mega Evolution
its aura again caused
a loss of control.
And although Mega Lucario was
able to hear Korrina's voice
it was only for
a brief moment.
But Korrina and Lucario
will search for a solution
as the journey continues.
[theme music]